Snapshot documentation update (#1161)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: docs/learn/smart-contracts/core_concepts/state_manager.md

The node that makes a snapshot can serve it over http and new nodes can use this to speed up the catch up. Serving the snapshots
over http is beyond the scope of Wasp and should be done in addition. Wasp is only responsible for making snapshots in local
(configurable by `snapshots.localPath` parameter) folder and obtaining them on start when needed from the same local folder or from

> configured (by `snapshots.networkPaths` parameter) urls. A folder, referenced in `snapshots.networkPaths` parameter must contain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configured (by `snapshots.networkPaths` parameter) URLs. A folder, referenced in the `snapshots.networkPaths` parameter must contain
```

- `delay`: how many states to delay making the snapshot; it must be considerably smaller than `stateManager.pruningMinStatesToKeep`.
  The default is 20.
- `localPath`: the path to the snapshots folder in this node's disk. Default is `waspdb/snap`.

> - `networkPaths`: the comma separated list of urls which serve snapshots. The urls may have http (e.g., `http://server.org/path/`) or https
>   (e.g., `https://server.org/path/`) scheme for remote locations or file (e.g., `file://path/to/folder`) scheme for local snapshot locations.
>   Scheme is compulsory in the url. The list is empty by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `networkPaths`: the comma-separated list of URLs that serve snapshots. The URLs may have the HTTP (e.g., `http://server.org/path/`) or the HTTPS
  (e.g., `https://server.org/path/`) scheme for remote locations or a file path (e.g., `file://path/to/folder`) scheme for local snapshot locations.
  The scheme is compulsory in the URL. The list is empty by default.
```
